Add support for environment variable secrets (#10221)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-create.1.md

Note that this feature is experimental and may change in the future.

#### **\-\-secret**=*secret*[,opt=opt ...]

Give the container access to a secret. Can be specified multiple times.

A secret is a blob of sensitive data which a container needs at runtime but
should not be stored in the image or in source control, such as usernames and passwords,
TLS certificates and keys, SSH keys or other important generic strings or binary content (up to 500 kb in size).

When secrets are specified as type `mount`, the secrets are copied and mounted into the container when a container is created.
When secrets are specified as type `env`, the secret will be set as an environment variable within the container.
Secrets are written in the container at the time of container creation, and modifying the secret using `podman secret` commands

> after the container is created will not affect the secret inside the container.

Reviewer: :star: to @ashley-cui I like  how you've worked this up, tyvm and well done.

Note that this feature is experimental and may change in the future.

> #### **\-\-secret**=*secret*[**,**opt=opt]

Reviewer: I'm not sure what you're trying to show here, but it comes out as the below, but all bolded:
```
--secret=secret[**,**opt=opt]
```

Give the container access to a secret. Can be specified multiple times.

A secret is a blob of sensitive data which a container needs at runtime but
should not be stored in the image or in source control, such as usernames and passwords,
TLS certificates and keys, SSH keys or other important generic strings or binary content (up to 500 kb in size).

When secrets are specified as type `mount`, the secrets are copied and mounted into the container when a container is created.

> When secrets are specified as type `env`, the secret will be set as an enviornment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When secrets are specified as type `env`, the secret will be set as an environment variable within the container.
```

If a secret is deleted using `podman secret rm`, the container will still have access to the secret.

> If a secret is deleted and another secret is created with the same name, the secret inside the container will not change; the old

Reviewer: Probably my misunderstanding, but where is the secret that is being deleted if it is not within the container?  I think more clarification is needed here as by reading this, it's not clear to me.  (Although it might be end of day fried brain here too.)

Author: It's being deleted from the secrets store, so, `podman secret create` creates a secret that is available for a container to use, and `podman secret rm` deletes it. This doesn't affect a secret inside a container if the container was created with that secret.

Reviewer: A "for example" sentence or two explaining how a tls cert might be deleted, and then recreated on the host.  But does podman secret rm really delete the cert?

Reviewer: Ah, the secret store is what I was missing and there's no mention of it in the man page here.  A quick sentence or two about that being the place secrets are stored created to and deleted from on the host would probably be good.

Author: I tried to clarify it a little in my latest push, let me know if its clearer

> secret value will still remain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
secret value will still remain within the container.
```

Note that this feature is experimental and may change in the future.

#### **\-\-secret**=*secret*[,opt=opt ...]

Give the container access to a secret. Can be specified multiple times.

A secret is a blob of sensitive data which a container needs at runtime but
should not be stored in the image or in source control, such as usernames and passwords,

> TLS certificates and keys, SSH keys or other important generic strings or binary content (up to 500 kb in size).

Reviewer: You now talk about the secret store below, but it was never intro'd elsewhere.  IDK if this in spot on or not, but could you add something like at the end of this paragraph?

When a secret is created, it is placed in the secret store under `/run/secrets` for later reference.

Feel free to munge that further if necessary.

Author: Hmm, I think its best not to get too much into how the secret is stored, since the storage isn't in the container or `/run/secrets`. This is the doc for the --secret flag for a secret to be used in a container, and not for how secrets are managed. 
I think the thing that's valuable here in the docs is that secrets are written in the container at the time of container creation, and modifying the secret using podman secret commands after the container is created with the secret will not affect the secret inside the container. I've made edits, let me know if this is clearer.

When secrets are specified as type `mount`, the secrets are copied and mounted into the container when a container is created.
When secrets are specified as type `env`, the secret will be set as an environment variable within the container.
If a secret is deleted using `podman secret rm`, the secret will be deleted from the secret store,

> but secret data will sill be availible inside the container. `

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but secret data will still be available inside the container.
```

> If a secret is deleted and another secret is created with the same name, the secret data inside the container will not change;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a secret is deleted and another secret is created with the same name in the secret store, the secret data inside the container will not change;
```
